Set default policy server as orfinary resource and allow users to disable it (#65)
kubewarden/helm-charts: charts/kubewarden-defaults/templates/NOTES.txt

kubewarden-defaults installed.

> You have a Policy Server running in your cluster ready to run any `clusteradmissionpolicies.policies.kubewarden.io` or

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You now have a PolicyServer running in your cluster ready to run any `clusteradmissionpolicies.policies.kubewarden.io` or
```
